What do you want?
I'll tell you what.
It is against the law for you to assault anyone casually.
Are you really double standard?
When you let your wife beat my daughter
Why didn't you think about breaking the law?
Don't think I can't see you in the corner if you say it's there.
I'll tell you what.
You estimate two likes.
I'll do it slowly
Xu Zhengye starts with you
What do you want
You... you can't do this to me
Ah this slap
Hit you import female emperor
The woman who insulted me Long Jingtian
Stop hitting please stop hitting
This slap makes you bully others
Bullying the weak at will
Please. Please
I was wrong. I was wrong.
The woman who bullied me, Long Jingtian
This is what happens to you, son
Take it away and send it to Africa as a coolie
And you, I know I was wrong.
Sorry, sorry.
You hit my daughter
I have to double it back
I'll give you back these two slaps.